URL ANALYSIS REPORT
Generated on: 2025-08-23 16:35:32
Input URL: https://www.americanexpress.com/us/credit-cards/card-application/apply/prospect/terms/gold-card/25330-10-0#offer-terms
Analysis Type: URL Scraping

================================================================================

SECTION 1: URL CONTENT
================================================================================

URL: https://www.americanexpress.com/us/credit-cards/card-application/apply/prospect/terms/gold-card/25330-10-0#offer-terms
Title: American Express® Gold Card - Terms, Conditions & Disclosures
Status: success

Content:
----------------------------------------
American Express® Gold Card - Terms, Conditions & Disclosures IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING RATES, FEES, AND OTHER COST INFORMATION INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Pay Over Time Features 20.24% to 29.24%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors as determined at the time of account opening. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. APR for Cash Advances 29.49% This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. Pay Over Time: Penalty APR and When It Applies 29.99% This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. This APR may be applied to your Account if: 1) you make one or more late payments; or 2) your payment is returned by your bank We may also consider your creditworthiness in determining whether or not to apply the penalty APR to the Pay Over Time balance(s) on your Account. How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If it is applied, it will apply for at least 6 months. We review your Account every 6 months after the Penalty APR is applied. The Penalty APR will continue to apply until after you have made timely payments, with no returned payments during the 6 months being reviewed. Paying Interest Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing period. We will not charge you interest on charges automatically added to a Pay Over Time balance if each month you pay your Account Total New Balance on your billing statement (or, if you have a Plan balance, your Adjusted Balance on your billing statement) by the due date. If you have Cash Advance on your Account, we will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date. If you are enrolled in Pay Over Time Select: we will begin charging interest on purchases added to a Pay Over Time Select balance at your request on the date that they are added to your Pay Over Time Select balance. Plan Fee (Fixed Finance Charge) A monthly fee up to 1.33% of each purchase placed in a plan based on: either the APR that would otherwise apply to that purchase (for purchases in a Pay Over Time balance), the APR that applies to the Pay Over Time feature at the time you create the plan (for purchases in a Pay In Full balance), or the lower of the two APRs (for purchases that are divided between a Pay Over Time balance and a Pay In Full balance); the plan duration; and other factors. For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore . Fees Annual Membership Fee $325 Transaction Fees Cash Advance Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Foreign Transaction None Penalty Fees Late Payment Up to $40 Returned Payment Up to $40 How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use a method called "average daily balance (including new transactions)." Variable APRs will not exceed 29.99%. Variable APRs for each billing period are based on the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the Closing Date of the billing period. The Wall Street Journal may not publish the Prime Rate on that day. If it does not, we will use the Prime Rate from the previous day it was published. If the Prime Rate increases, Variable APRs (and corresponding DPRs) will increase. In that case, you may pay more interest and have a higher Minimum Payment Due. When the Prime Rate changes, the resulting changes to variable APRs take effect as of the first day of the billing period. Variable APRs are accurate as of 08/23/25. TERMS AND CONDITIONS View the full Card Member Agreement . By submitting this application, you are requesting us to open an Account in your name and to issue Card(s) as you direct. Only qualified individuals 18 or over may apply for an Account. This offer is available to US Residents. You promise that the information you provide on this application is accurate. You authorize us to verify this information and to obtain reports from consumer reporting agencies. You authorize us and our affiliates and subsidiaries to share information we have about you at any time for marketing and administrative purposes as permitted by law. Upon request, we will tell you if we have received a consumer report and the name and address of the agency that provided it. When you use your Account (or sign or keep the Card), you agree to the terms of the Card Member Agreement that will be provided to you. Your Card Member Agreement includes an arbitration provision, which restricts your opportunity to have claims related to the account heard in court or resolved by a jury, and to participate in a class action or similar proceeding. We may change the Card Member Agreement subject to applicable law. We may do this in response to the business, legal, or competitive environment. Changes to some terms may require 45 days advance notice, and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms during the first year of your Card Membership. Additional Cards: Additional Card Members do not have accounts with us but they can use your Account subject to the terms of the Card Member Agreement, must be at least 13 years of age and never had a default account with American Express. You are responsible for all use of your Account by Additional Card Members and anyone they allow to use your Account. You must pay for all charges they make. You authorize us to give Additional Card Members information about your Account and to discuss it with them. Cash advance at ATMs: We may issue you a Personal Identification Number (PIN) to use to obtain cash advances at participating ATMs. Or you may request a PIN for cash advances by contacting us. We will send you a letter confirming your PIN. USA PATRIOT Act Notice: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account, including your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to verify your identity. Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral agreement, or court decree under Wisconsin's Marital Property Act will adversely affect a creditor's interest unless, prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished a copy of that agreement or decree or is given complete information about the agreement or decree. New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees, and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services 1-800-342-3736 or www.dfs.ny.gov Notice to California Residents: An Applicant, if married, may apply for a separate account. Notice to Delaware Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. Notice to Oregon Residents: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month. You may pay more than the minimum payment due, up to your entire outstanding balance, at any time. Notice to Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law. The American Express® Gold Card is issued by American Express National Bank. ©2025 American Express National Bank. POID K9GC:9998 OFFER TERMS You may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer if you have or have had this Card, the Premier Rewards Gold Card, the Platinum Card ® , the Platinum Card ® from American Express Exclusively for Charles Schwab, the Platinum Card ® from American Express Exclusively for Morgan Stanley or previous versions of these Cards. You also may not be eligible to receive a welcome offer based on various factors, such as your history with credit card balance transfers, your history as an American Express Card Member, the number of credit cards that you have opened and closed and other factors. If you are not eligible for a welcome offer, we will notify you prior to processing your application so you have the option to withdraw your application. As High As 100,000 Membership Rewards ® points Welcome Offer After you submit your application and before you accept the Card (if you are approved), we will tell you the exact amount of Membership Rewards ® points which you are eligible to earn with your Welcome Offer, which will be an amount as high as 100,000 points. This means that the amount of points which you are eligible to earn with your Welcome Offer may be less than 100,000 points. You can earn these points after you spend $6,000 (the "Threshold Amount") or more in eligible purchases on your American Express ® Gold Card within the first 6 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is opened. Eligible purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a Card Account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include: fees or interest charges; purchases of travelers checks; purchases or reloading of prepaid cards; purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments; or purchases of other cash equivalents. Points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account within 8-12 weeks after you meet the Threshold Amount. Your Card Account must not be canceled or past due at the time of fulfillment of any offers. In rare instances, your period to spend $6,000 may be shorter than 6 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 6 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). Points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account within 8-12 weeks after you meet the Threshold Amount. This offer is not transferable. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time. Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards ® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo . If we determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this offer in any way or that you intend to do so, including if you return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount, we may not credit, we may freeze, or we may take away the Membership Rewards ® points from your account. We may also cancel any accounts you have with us. Basic and Additional Cards Annual Fee The annual fee for the American Express ® Gold Card is $325. There is no annual fee for up to 5 Additional Cards. The annual fee for 6 or more Additional Cards is $35 for each Card. BENEFIT TERMS The following benefits and services are subject to change or cancellation. $100 Resy Credit Enrollment through American Express is required to receive this benefit. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a U.S. Consumer American Express® Gold Card Account can enroll in the benefit in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com online account or by calling the number on the back of their Card. This benefit is not available to Classic Gold, Traditional Gold, or Senior Gold Card Members. Enrolled Basic Card Members can earn up to $50 in statement credits semi-annually when the Basic Card or Additional Cards on the enrolled Account are used to pay for eligible Resy purchases. However, each enrolled Card Account is only eligible for up to $50 in statement credits from January through June and up to $50 in statement credits from July through December, for a total of up to $100 per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards on the account. Eligible Resy purchases include purchases made directly from U.S. restaurants that offer reservations on Resy.com and the Resy app and accept American Express® Cards, purchases made directly on Resy.com or in the Resy app, and purchases made via Resy Pay. Restaurants must be live on Resy.com or the Resy app at time of purchase to be eligible for the statement credit and are subject to change at any time. Purchases of Resy OS restaurant management software and Resy-branded American Express® Gift Cards are not eligible. Gift cards purchased at restaurants or purchases made on-site at events when the restaurant uses a third-party to process or submit the transaction to American Express (e.g. restaurant invites an outside merchant/non-Resy restaurant to sell goods at the event) also may not receive the statement credit. Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible Resy purchase is charged to the enrolled Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date of purchase. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to American Express or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date, then you may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the statement credit for the next semi-annual period would be applied if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. If American Express does not receive information that identifies the transaction as an eligible purchase, the Account will not receive the statement credit. For example, the transaction may not be eligible if: it is not made directly with the merchant, it is made at a merchant located within another establishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel or department store), it is for a non-dining purchase (e.g. Resy-branded American Express® gift cards or merchandise that features Resy branding or is sold at Resy restaurants), the merchant uses a third-party to process or submit the transaction to American Express (e.g. using mobile or wireless card readers), or you make a purchase using a third-party (e.g. a third-party payment platform or food delivery service). If the Card Account is cancelled or past due, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If your Card is enrolled in the benefit and you replace your Card, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card. $120 Dining Credit Enrollment is required to receive this benefit. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a U.S. Consumer Gold Card Account can enroll in the benefit. U.S. Consumer Traditional Gold, Senior Gold, and Classic Gold are not eligible. Eligible purchases must be charged to a Card Member on the enrolled Card Account for the benefit to apply. Purchases by both the Basic Card Member and Additional Card Members on the enrolled Card Account are eligible for statement credits. However, each Card Account is eligible for up to a $10 statement credit per month, for a total of $120 per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards on the Account. Participating partners are Grubhub (including Seamless), The Cheesecake Factory, Goldbelly, Wine.com and Five Guys. In-person transactions and online orders only valid if made from participating partner locations in the U.S. If American Express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as eligible for the benefit, you will not receive the statement credit. For example, your transaction will not be eligible if it is not made directly with the merchant or if it is for a non-dining purchase (e.g. merchandise or gift card). Your transaction also may not be eligible if it is made at a merchant located within another establishment (e.g. a restaurant inside a hotel or department store). Only one statement credit per transaction will be issued. See partner websites for shipping policies and restrictions on online orders. Alcoholic beverages may be sold and delivered only to persons who are at least 21 years old; in placing your order, you represent to us that you are at least 21 years old and that the person to whom the delivery will be made is at least 21 years old. Please drink responsibly. Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to your Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date of purchase. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting a transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date then your purchase may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made December 31st, but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the January statement credit would be applied if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified. In addition, in most cases, you may not receive the statement credit if your transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store) or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it. If the Card Account is cancelled or past due, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card. $120 Uber Cash Basic Card Members on a Consumer U.S. American Express® Gold Card are eligible for $10 in Uber Cash each month ("Amex Benefit"), subject to these Terms and Conditions. To receive the Amex Benefit, you must have downloaded the latest version of the Uber, Uber Eats and/or Postmates apps and added your eligible American Express Gold Card as a payment method in your Uber account. To redeem the Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit, you must select an American Express Card as the payment method for your transaction and have Uber Cash toggled on. The Amex Benefit may only be used in the United States. To be eligible for the Amex Benefit, your Card Account must not be canceled or past due. American Express reserves the right to suspend your eligibility for the Amex Benefit if we suspect any violation or abuse. Cards added to your Uber account through a third party or electronic wallet such as Apple Pay or PayPal will not be eligible to receive the Amex Benefit. An eligible American Express Gold Card can only receive the Amex Benefit on one Uber account. If the same Card is added to multiple Uber accounts, only the first Uber account to which the Card is added will receive the Amex Benefit. The Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit is found within your Uber Cash balance. It may take up to 48 hours for this Uber Cash to become available in your Uber account after your eligible Card has been added to that account. If you do not see this Uber Cash in your Uber Cash balance within 48 hours from the time you enroll, call the number on the back of your Card for assistance. To continue to receive the Amex Benefit, the details for your eligible Card must be kept up-to-date in your Uber account and your Uber, Uber Eats and/or Postmates app versions must be kept up-to-date. If your American Express Card details change, you will need to update your Card details in your Uber payment profile before the end of the current month to ensure you remain enrolled in the Amex Benefit, otherwise you may need to re-enroll to continue to receive your Amex benefit. The Uber App, and all other Uber products and services, including but not limited to Uber Cash, are governed by Uber's terms and conditions. In order to use the Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit, Uber Cash must be toggled on and an American Express Card must be selected as the payment method for your transaction. The Amex Benefit may be applied to any services to which Uber permits Uber Cash to be applied. If your Uber Cash balance does not satisfy the cost of your ride or order, the Amex Card selected for the transaction will be charged for the difference. The Amex Benefit will not apply to previous Uber transactions and cannot be used when paying with a family profile. Uber will apply Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit at the point of sale and it will be displayed on your receipt. Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit expires at 11:59 PM Hawaii Standard Time on the last day of each calendar month. Unused balance in Uber Cash from your Amex Benefit will not carry over to the following month. Uber Cash received through the Amex Benefit will be applied for the month in which the transaction is completed. If a transaction is eligible for another promotion that you have added to your Uber account, the promotion will be applied before your Amex Benefit. Certain other types of balances in Uber Cash may be applied to the cost of your ride or order prior to your Amex Benefit in Uber Cash. For purposes of fulfilling this benefit, American Express will share with Uber certain information about your Card, including the Card type, and updated Card information from time to time. If you do not wish to receive the Amex Benefit, please call the number on the back of your Card. If you do not see the Uber Cash portion of the Amex Benefit in your Uber Cash balance by 5:00 PM Hawaii Standard Time on the first day of each calendar month, call the number on the back of your Card for assistance. $84 Dunkin' Credit Enrollment through American Express is required to receive this benefit. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Manager(s) on a U.S. Consumer American Express® Gold Card Account can enroll in the benefit in the Benefits section of their americanexpress.com online account or by calling the number on the back of their Card. This benefit is not available to Classic Gold, Traditional Gold, or Senior Gold Card Members. Enrolled Basic Card Members can earn up to $7 in statement credits per month when the Card or Additional Cards on the enrolled Account are used to pay for eligible Dunkin' purchases. However, each enrolled Card Account is only eligible for up to $7 in statement credits per month, for a total of up to $84 per calendar year in statement credits across all Cards on the account. Valid at Dunkin' locations in the U.S. that accept American Express® Cards. If American Express does not receive information that identifies the transaction as eligible for the benefit, the Basic Card Member will not receive the statement credit. For example, the transaction may not be eligible if it is not made directly with Dunkin' (e.g., through a caterer or delivery service app) or if it is made at a Dunkin' located within another establishment (e.g., at a pop up or inside an airport or gas station). Eligible purchases do not include gift cards purchased online or any Dunkin' branded products purchased at other retailers (including gift cards). Please allow up to 8 weeks after an eligible purchase is charged to the enrolled Card Account for statement credit(s) to be posted to the Account. Please call the number on the back of the Card if statement credits have not posted after 8 weeks from the date of purchase. American Express relies on the merchant's processing of transactions to determine the transaction date. If there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses another date as the transaction date, then you may not earn the statement credit benefit for the benefit period in which you made the purchase. For example, if an eligible purchase is made on December 31st but the merchant processes the transaction such that it is identified to us as occurring on January 1st, the January statement credit would be applied if available. If you have transferred to a different Card at the time the merchant submits the transaction, you may not receive the statement credit. Statement credit(s) may not be received or may be reversed if an eligible purchase is returned, refunded, cancelled, or modified. American Express also relies on information provided to us by the merchant to identify eligible purchases. In addition, the Basic Card Member may not receive the statement credit if the transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party (such as an app store) or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it. If there is a significant delay in the merchant's submission of the transaction, the transaction may no longer qualify for a statement credit. If the Card Account is cancelled or past due, it may not qualify to receive a statement credit. If American Express, in its sole discretion, determines that you have engaged in or intend to engage in any manner of abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with this benefit, American Express will not have an obligation to provide statement credits and may reverse any statement credits provided to you. If your Card is enrolled in the benefit and you replace your Card, please check the Benefits section of your americanexpress.com account, mobile app or call the number on the back of your Card to confirm your continued enrollment in the benefit. If a charge for an eligible purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Card Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead, the statement credit may be applied to your Pay In Full balance. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card. 2X Membership Rewards ® Points Membership Rewards-enrolled Card Members get at least 1 Membership Rewards ® point for every eligible dollar spent on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express ® Card. Those same Card Members will also get at least 1 additional point for each dollar of eligible travel purchases made on amextravel.com on their Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express Card. Corporate Card Members are not eligible for the additional point. Eligible travel purchases include all travel purchases made with your Membership Rewards program-enrolled American Express ® Card on amextravel.com , including air, prepaid hotels, prepaid short-term rentals, prepaid car rentals, or cruise reservations, minus returns and other credits. Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members are only eligible for 1 additional point on cruise reservations. Eligible travel purchases do NOT include non-prepaid car rentals, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing service or other fees, or interest charges. Additional point bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories from American Express may not be combined with this offer (e.g., 5X bonuses for Platinum and Business Platinum Card Members, 3X bonuses for Business Gold Card Members, 2X bonus on your first $50,000 in purchases for Blue Business Plus Card Members or 1.5X bonuses for Business Centurion and Business Platinum Card Members, etc.). Any portion of a charge that you elect to cover through redemption of Membership Rewards points is not eligible to receive points. Additional points will be credited to the Membership Rewards account 10-12 weeks after final payment is made. Account Manager Account Managers must be at least 18 years old and have a U.S. Mailing Address and Social Security Number. American Express Venue Collection ™ American Express Venue Collection ™ The American Express Venue Collection provides American Express ® Card Members with a Consumer or Business American Express Card issued by American Express in the US with access to a set of benefits at stadiums and arenas for select events. American Express cards issued by third-party financial institutions, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Debit Cards, and American Express Prepaid Cards are not eligible. All benefits are subject to specific terms & conditions. Some benefits will be fulfilled by the venue and are subject to terms & conditions set by the venue, as applicable. Benefits cannot be redeemed for cash, transferred, or substituted. Void where prohibited by law. For more information, including specific benefit terms & conditions and venues included as part of the collection, please visit americanexpress.com/venues . American Express Venue Collection ™ Concessions Statement Credit American Express Venue Collection™ Concessions Statement Credit Earn 10% back as a statement credit after using your enrolled eligible Card to make qualifying food and beverage concessions purchases at stadiums and arenas in the American Express Venue Collection™. Limit one enrolled Card per Card Member, up to $250 back in statement credits each calendar year. See terms. Eligibility and Enrollment Eligible Card Members must first add offer to Card and then use same Card for qualifying purchases. Only American Express Cards issued by American Express in the US are eligible to enroll in this offer. American Express Prepaid Cards, Corporate Cards, Debit Cards, and American Express-branded Cards issued by other financial institutions are not eligible for this offer. Limit one enrollment per Card Member regardless of whether a Card Member has more than one eligible Card. Card Members must select one eligible Card to enroll. Limit $250 USD in statement credits on that enrolled Card each calendar year. If the enrolled Card is canceled or past due, it may not qualify to receive the statement credit(s). Offers are non-transferable between Cards. Offer ends December 31, 2026. Qualifying Purchases Offer only valid on qualifying purchases at American Express Venue Collection™ venues. Qualifying purchases include food and beverage concessions purchases made in-person at point of sale and at self-service kiosks at venues in the American Express Venue Collection™. At Hollywood Bowl, qualifying purchases also include purchases made in the Hollywood Bowl app or via web browser ( hollywoodbowl.com/onlineorder/amex ). The following are not qualifying purchases: Purchases in Amazon-operated Just Walk Out Stores, suite and catering orders, in app purchases at venues not specifically identified above, ticket sales, restaurants, transportation, parking, gift cards, merchandise, and all other non-concession purchases made at venues in the American Express Venue Collection. An up-to-date list of venues in the American Express Venue Collection can be found at go.amex/amex-venue-collection . Offer not valid on purchases made using third parties, such as resellers, delivery services, or other intermediaries. Statement Credit Please allow up to 120 days after the qualifying purchase for the statement credit(s) to be posted to the Card account, provided that American Express receives information from the merchant about your qualifying purchase. The 10% back in the form of statement credit(s), up to $250 in total statement credits per calendar year, is calculated based off the total amount of a qualifying purchase made in US dollars or following conversion to US dollars from a foreign currency, if applicable. Participation in Amex Offers is subject to Amex Offers Program Terms . American Express Venue Collection ™ Entrances and Fast Lanes American Express Venue Collection ™ Entrances and Fast Lanes American Express Card Member entrances and/or fast lanes are available at venues in the American Express Venue Collection. Card Member entrances and fast lanes may not be available for all events; hours of availability may vary and are subject to change. Entrances and fast lanes may be modified or discontinued at any time and without notice. Card Members must have a valid ticket to the event and can access the Card Member entrance or fast lane by presenting a valid American Express Card in the Card Member's name. The number of guests that may accompany a Card Member through a Card Member entrance of fast lane may vary by venue. Additional terms may apply by venue and by event (including, without limitation, security protocols). American Express does not operate the Card Member entrances or fast lanes; the applicable venue operates the entrance. Venue personnel reserve the right to not allow Card Members and their guests admittance through the Card Member entrance or fast lane for any reason, including, without limitation, not adhering to security protocols. To learn more about a specific venue, please visit americanexpress.com/venues . American Express ® App The American Express® App and app features are available only for eligible accounts in the United States. American Express® prepaid Cards and Cards issued by non-American Express issuers are not eligible. To log in, customers must have an American Express user ID and password or create one in the app. Amex Offers Eligible Card Members can redeem an Amex Offer by first enrolling in the offer in their online account or in the American Express ® App and then using their enrolled Card to pay. Only U.S.-issued American Express Consumer and Business Cards may be eligible. You may not be eligible to access Amex Offers if we, in our sole discretion, determine that you have previously engaged in abuse, misuse or gaming of the Amex Offers program. Offers are also available to Additional Card Members and available offers may vary for each eligible Card Member. Please review the terms of each offer for details on how to redeem. For full Program Terms, visit www.americanexpress.com/us/amexoffersterms/ . Amex Preferred Tickets ™ Amex Preferred Tickets ™ (formerly referred to as American Express Preferred Access) Eligible American Express ® Card Members may purchase Amex Preferred Tickets ® for select events and select seats, during a specified period while supplies last. Tickets are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. When purchasing tickets, enter the 10-digit customer service phone number on the back of your eligible Card when prompted. Tickets must be purchased using one of the following U.S.-issued American Express Cards: Consumer, Business, or Corporate Platinum Card ® or Centurion ® Card; Consumer or Business Delta SkyMiles ® Platinum Card; Consumer or Business Delta SkyMiles ® Reserve Card; Consumer, Business, or Corporate Gold Card; Classic Business Gold Card; Business Gold Rewards Card; Executive Business Card; Hilton Honors American Express Surpass ® Card; Hilton Honors Aspire Card; Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant ® Card; Marriott Bonvoy Bevy ® Card; Marriott Bonvoy ® Card; The Platinum Card ® from American Express Exclusively for Morgan Stanley; The Platinum Card ® from American Express Exclusively for Charles Schwab; The Platinum Card ® from American Express for Goldman Sachs; or The Centurion ® Card from American Express Exclusively for Goldman Sachs. Tickets are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits, and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. Amex Presale Tickets ™ Amex Presale Tickets ™ (formerly referred to as American Express Early Access) American Express ® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Presale Tickets for select events and select seats, during a specified period prior to the general on-sale dates for those events. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Presale Tickets are sold by and fulfilled by third party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Presale Tickets are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment . Amex Reserved Tickets ™ (formerly referred to as American Express Access) Amex Reserved Tickets ™ (formerly referred to as American Express Access) American Express ® Card Members have access to purchase Amex Reserved Tickets for select events and select seats, during a specified period. Tickets must be purchased using an American Express Card. An American Express Prepaid Card cannot be used to purchase tickets. Amex Reserved Tickets are sold by and fulfilled by third-party ticket sellers (not American Express), and such tickets are subject to the rules, terms and conditions, prices and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue. Amex Reserved Tickets are subject to availability and supply may be limited. Not all seats may be offered; purchase limits and blackout dates may apply. Refunds, exchanges, and resale may be prohibited by the ticket seller. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment . Card Member Performance(s) Card Member Performances are available to all Card Members. Simply pay with your American Express ® Card. Tickets are subject to the rules, terms & conditions, and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue, as applicable. Offer is fulfilled by ticket seller, subject to availability and may be changed or revoked at any time. Not all seats available. All sales final. No refunds. No exchanges. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/entertainment . Destination Family Benefits are valid for new bookings of eligible cruises or tour packages made through American Express Travel with participating travel providers using an eligible U.S. Consumer, Business, Corporate American Express ® Card. Payment must be made with the eligible Card, and that Card Member must travel on the itinerary booked. Benefits may not be available to residents outside the 50 United States. Benefits apply per booking, not per traveler and cannot be combined with other offers unless indicated. Blackout dates may apply. Participating travel providers and benefits are subject to change and vary by travel provider. Benefits are non-transferable, subject to availability, and cannot be redeemed for cash, cash-equivalents, or credit. Dispute Resolution Not all disputes are resolved in the Card Member's favor. Events with Amex ™ Events with Amex ™ The Events with Amex ™ program is available to American Express ® Card Members. American Express Prepaid Cards are not eligible. All benefits are subject to specific rules and terms & conditions. Card eligibility and/or Card exclusions, if any, will be set forth in a specific benefit's terms & conditions. Tickets offered as part of the Events with Amex program are fulfilled by the ticket seller and subject to rules, terms & conditions, and fees set by the ticket seller, event promoter and/or the venue, as applicable. All benefits are subject to availability and may be changed or revoked at any time. These benefits are provided "as is" with no warranty or guarantee, either express or implied. Benefits are provided on a first come, first serve basis. American Express does not guarantee every Card Member will be able to redeem every benefit. Benefits cannot be redeemed for cash, transferred, or substituted. Benefits may be canceled or modified at any time. Void where prohibited by law. For more information, including specific benefit terms & conditions, please visit americanexpress.com/experiences . Events with Amex ™ - Amex Fan Experiences Amex Fan Experiences American Express hosts American Express Fan Experiences at select music festivals and sporting events. In 2024, Fan Experiences are available at select events including Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, US Open Golf Championship, WNBA All-Star games, The Championships Wimbledon, British Summer Time Hyde Park, All Points East, US Open Tennis Championships, Austin City Limits Music Festival, and select F1 races taking place in the Americas. The music festivals and sporting events at which Fan Experiences are hosted are subject to change year-over-year, including Card Member eligibility and terms. American Express Card Members who have a valid ticket to an applicable event can visit the Fan Experience by presenting a valid American Express Card in their name. American Express Prepaid Cards are not eligible. The number of Card Member guests permitted may vary by event. Capacity limitations apply. Additional rules and terms may apply by event. American Express reserves the right to not allow or to remove Card Members and their guests from the Fan Experience for any reason, including, without limitation, not adhering to applicable rules and terms of the Fan Experience. To the extent alcohol is available at the Fan Experience, you must be 21 years of age or older to consume alcoholic beverages; please drink responsibly. Fan Experiences may be modified or discontinued at any time and without notice. For more information, please visit americanexpress.com/experiences . Events with Amex ™ - Exclusive Merchandise and Offers Exclusive Merchandise and Offers From time to time and at select events, venues and pop-ups presented by American Express, American Express Card Members will have the opportunity to take advantage of special offers, which may include gift with purchase offers, exclusive merchandise offers, exclusive discount offers, and/or statement credit offers. Offers are available while supplies last and for a limited time. Such offers are subject to specific terms & conditions. Card eligibility and/or Card exclusions, if any, will be set forth in a specific offers terms & conditions. Card enrollment may be required. Purchase-based offers must be redeemed using an eligible American Express Card. Purchase or other limitations may apply to such offers. Any attempt by a Card Member to obtain and/or exceed any offer limitation may result in disqualification from the offer. All purchases are final. Item is provided "as is" with no warranty or guarantee, either express or implied. Item is provided on a first come, first serve basis, while supplies last. American Express does not guarantee every Card Member who wishes to do so will be able to take advantage of an offer. Items associated with an offer (where applicable) cannot be redeemed for cash, transferred, or substituted. Offer has no cash value. Offer may be cancelled or modified at any time. Void where prohibited by law. For more information about exclusive merchandise and offers available at specific events or venues, please visit americanexpress.com/experiences . Global Assist ® Hotline While Global Assist ® Hotline coordination and assistance services are offered at no additional charge from American Express, Card Members are responsible for the costs charged by third-party service providers. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/GAterms . Insider Fares Insider Fares are valid only for Membership Rewards ® program-enrolled Cards when a Card Member is booking through AmexTravel.com . Insider Fares will display in search results on AmexTravel.com only if an eligible Card Member is logged into his/her account and has enough Membership Rewards points for the entire fare; otherwise, publicly available fares will display. Insider Fares are fares for which less Membership Rewards points are required to purchase the flight. The entire amount of the purchase must be covered using Membership Rewards points. Insider Fares are only available on select flights. When purchasing an Insider Fare, the dollar amount of the fare will be charged to the Card Member's account and a credit will be issued in that dollar amount on the Card Member's statement; additionally, the number of Membership Rewards points required for the fare will be deducted from the Card Member's Membership Rewards account balance. Participating airlines and benefits are subject to change. For more information about the Membership Rewards program visit www.membershiprewards.com/terms . Instant Card Number Instant Card Number eligibility is based on our ability to instantly authenticate you. If you are eligible for Instant Card Number, you will receive an Instant Card Number that you may be able to use virtually anywhere American Express is accepted and a physical Card will not be required. In certain instances (for example, if we cannot instantly authenticate you) you may only be able to use your Instant Card Number at a select merchant until you receive your physical Card. You may not have access to your full credit line until after you confirm receipt of your physical Card. We will mail your physical Card within 5-7 business days of account approval. Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee Valid only for American Express Card Members. If you book a qualifying hotel rate on amextravel.com and then find the same room, in the same hotel, for the same dates, the same number of children and adults, the same rate type and cancellation policy at a lower price online, before taxes and fees, we'll refund you the difference. For pre-paid reservations, your claim must be submitted prior to your stay, before the date of check-in. For verification of "pay later" hotel bookings, your claim must be submitted within thirty (30) days after you have completed the hotel stay, and the customer service representative may instruct you to mail a copy of your hotel receipt to American Express within that time period. American Express will honor the lower price for verified requests. The "Lowest Hotel Rates Guarantee" policy applies only to online rates available to the general public and excludes (1) rates or discounts that are not available to the general public, including, but not limited to, corporate, group, charter, meeting/convention, AAA, government/military, and senior citizen rates/discounts; or (2) hotel rooms booked through or in combination with frequent stay, loyalty, points, coupon promotions, rooms won through contests or sweepstakes or transferred, or rooms booked on opaque websites that do not allow you to see the name of the hotel until your reservation is complete; or (3) promotional packages, deals, all-inclusive packages, or bundles that may include additional amenities such as parking, meals, or entertainment, or (4) rates booked through the Fine Hotels + Resorts ® and The Hotel Collection programs. Details Membership Rewards ® Pay with Points at AmexTravel.com To use Pay with Points, you must charge your eligible purchase through American Express Travel to a Membership Rewards ® program-enrolled American Express ® Card. Eligible purchases through American Express Travel exclude non-prepaid car rentals and non-prepaid hotels. Points will be debited from your Membership Rewards account, and credit for corresponding dollar amount will be issued to the American Express Card account used. If points redeemed do not cover entire amount, the balance of purchase price will remain on the American Express Card account. Minimum redemption 5,000 points. See membershiprewards.com/terms for the Membership Rewards program terms and conditions. If your Card is eligible for Pay Over Time and if a charge for a purchase is included in a Pay Over Time balance on your Linked Account, the statement credit associated with that charge may not be applied to that Pay Over Time balance. Instead the statement credit may be applied to your Pay in Full balance. If you believe this has occurred, please contact us by calling the number on the back of your Card. Corporate Card Members are not eligible for Pay Over Time. Membership Rewards ® Program Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards ® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo. Membership Rewards ® Program - Points for Statement Credit Once you redeem, points will be deducted from your Rewards Account immediately and your statement credit will generally appear within 48 hours . If we process the statement credit after your Card Account closing date, it will appear on your next statement. Statement credits cannot be used to pay your Minimum Payment Due. Please remember to pay the Minimum Payment Due on your Card Account by the due date. If you are enrolled in AutoPay, redeeming points for a statement credit will not reduce or adjust your prescheduled AutoPay amount. All redemptions are final and cannot be reversed or expedited. Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. The value of Membership Rewards® points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo . Membership Rewards ® Program - Transfer Points Enrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer or Frequent Guest program is required. Airline tickets and guest rooms are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee. Membership Rewards ® Program - Transfer Points (Domestic Airlines) Enrollment in a participating Frequent Flyer program is required. Airline tickets are subject to availability. For each conversion of points into the Frequent Flyer program of a U.S. airline, a fee of $0.0006 per point, with a maximum fee of $99, will be charged to your Card account. We charge this fee to offset the federal excise tax we must pay on such conversions. The fee may be more or less than the actual amount of the excise tax we pay on any individual conversion. We may offer you the option to redeem points to cover this fee. No Foreign Transaction Fees American Express will not charge any foreign transaction fee on the purchases you make outside of the United States with your Card. However, there may be circumstances where ATMs or merchants charge a fee on foreign transactions. No Preset Spending Limit No Preset Spending Limit means the spending limit is flexible. Unlike a traditional card with a set limit, the amount you can spend adapts based on factors such as your purchase, payment, and credit history. Pay It Plan It ® Pay It ® Pay It ® is only available in the American Express ® App for your eligible Account. With the Pay It feature, you can make a payment equal to the amount of a billed purchase less than $100. Payments made with Pay It are not applied to that billed purchase but to your outstanding balance in accordance with how we apply payments. Your Account is eligible for Pay It if you are a Basic Card Member or Additional Card Member of a Card account issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express that is not canceled, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. Plan It ® With Plan It ® , you can create up to 10 active payment plans, each subject to a plan fee. The plan fee is a fixed finance charge that will be charged each month that the corresponding plan is active. You will be offered 1-3 plan duration options for the qualifying purchase. The plan duration options can vary based on a variety of factors such as the purchase amount, your Account history and your creditworthiness. If you are enrolled in an intro or promotional APR, you may see limited plan duration options during the intro or promotional period when you use Plan It on your Account. If you create a plan during an introductory or promotional APR period, your plan fee will be based on the introductory or promotional APR as long as the plan is created before 11:59pm MST on the last day of the introductory or promotional period. To create a plan, select qualifying purchases of $100 or more and a plan duration. If you have a Card with a Credit Limit, you may also be able to select a qualifying amount of $100 or more and a plan duration. When creating a plan for purchases, you may select up to 10 qualifying purchases for each plan that you create in your American Express online Account. However, you may select only one qualifying purchase for each plan that you create in the American Express App. Qualifying purchases will be identified in your American Express online Account and American Express App. Qualifying purchases (or a qualifying amount, if you have a Card with a Credit Limit) do not include purchases of cash or cash equivalents, balance transfers (if offered), purchases subject to Foreign Transaction Fees, or any fee owed to us, including Annual Membership fees. Unless you are creating a plan at checkout, please allow 2-3 days for your purchase to post to your Account. Once your purchase posts and is no longer pending, you can create a plan for that purchase. Your ability to create plans will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, and your Credit Limit or Pay Over Time Limit, as applicable. The Pay Over Time Limit applies to the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances. You may not be able to create a plan if it would cause you to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit or cause your Plan balance to exceed 95% of your Account Total New Balance on your last billing statement. You will not be able to create plans if your Pay Over Time feature is suspended or your Account is canceled. You will also not be able to create plans if one or more of your American Express Accounts is enrolled in a payment program, has a payment that is returned unpaid, or is past due. The number and length of plan duration options offered to you, the number of active plans you can have at a time, and your ability to include multiple qualifying purchases in a single plan, will be at our discretion and will be based on a variety of factors such as your creditworthiness, the purchase amount(s), and your Account history. After a plan is paid in full, it will be removed from your Account in the next billing period. Plan It is available on Card Accounts issued by a U.S. banking subsidiary of American Express, excluding Accounts that do not have either a Credit Limit or the Pay Over Time feature. Only the Basic Card Member or Authorized Account Managers on the Account can create a plan. Prepaid Cards and products, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards and American Express-branded Cards or Account numbers issued by other financial institutions are not eligible. Pay Over Time Pay Over Time Eligible Charges Purchases made by you or any Additional Card Member on your account (along with any associated foreign transaction fees) and Annual Membership Fees are eligible. The following types of charges are ineligible: Cash Advances, including cash and other cash equivalents, certain insurance premiums, and any other fees owed to American Express. Pay Over Time Pay Over Time has two settings: active and inactive. At Account opening, the Pay Over Time feature on your Account is set to Active. This means all eligible charges made on your account will automatically be added to your Pay Over Time balance. You can change or view your Pay Over Time setting at any time through your online account or by calling the number on the back of your Card. Purchases made and Annual Membership Fees charged when Pay Over Time is set to inactive will be added to your Pay In Full balance, which will be due in full each month. On the Transaction Date, if Pay Over Time is set to active at 8 pm ET on the transaction date provided by the merchant for an eligible charge, or on the date when an eligible Annual Membership Fee is charged to your Account, the charge will automatically be added to your Pay Over Time balance, subject to your Pay Over Time Limit. If the addition of an entire charge to your Pay Over Time balance would cause the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit, that charge will be added to your Pay In Full balance. The transaction date provided by the merchant may differ from the date you made the purchase if, for example, there is a delay in the merchant submitting the transaction to us or if the merchant uses the shipping date as the transaction date. Charges with the same transaction date will be added to your Pay Over Time balance in any order we choose. On the Closing Date, if 1) the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances is less than your Pay Over Time Limit, 2) Pay Over Time is set to active at 8 pm ET and 3) there are eligible new charges in your Pay In Full balance with a transaction date when Pay Over Time was set to active, you authorize us to automatically move all or a portion of those charges to your Pay Over Time balance, subject to your Pay Over Time Limit. If the addition of a charge to your Pay Over Time balance would cause the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit, we will move a portion of that charge to your Pay Over Time balance, up to your Pay Over Time Limit. The remaining portion of the charge will remain in your Pay In Full balance. Eligible charges will be moved to your Pay Over Time balance in order of the transaction dates. Charges with the same transaction date will be added to your Pay Over Time balance in any order we choose. A new charge, or a portion of a new charge, will not be eligible to be moved to your Pay Over Time balance on your Closing Date if: • that charge is subject to a Foreign Transaction Fee; • that charge or a portion of that charge is disputed (for a reason other than fraud) and that dispute is not resolved in the same billing period in which it was opened; • that charge or a portion of that charge is reported as fraudulent and either (i) we determined the charge is fraudulent in the same billing period in which it was posted to your account, or (ii) we have not yet determined if the charge is fraudulent in the same billing period in which it was posted to your account; • you have created a plan for that charge using Plan It; • Pay Over Time is suspended on your Account; or • your Account is cancelled or enrolled in a payment program. Pay Over Time Limit We assign a Pay Over Time Limit to your Account. The Pay Over Time Limit applies to the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances. Your Pay Over Time balance cannot exceed your Pay Over Time Limit. If the addition of a charge would cause your Pay Over Time balance to exceed your Pay Over Time Limit, that charge will be added to your Pay In Full balance. When there is a delay in posting cash advances or plans to your account, the total of your Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, and Plan balances may exceed your Pay Over Time Limit. The Pay Over Time Limit is not a spending limit. We may approve or decline a charge regardless of whether your Card Account balance is greater or less than your Pay Over Time Limit. We may increase or reduce your Pay Over Time Limit at any time. We may do so even if you pay on time and your Account is not in default. We will tell you if we change your Pay Over Time Limit. You must pay at least the Minimum Payment Due, which includes your Pay In Full balance, by the Payment Due Date each month. The Minimum Payment Due includes all charges that were not added to a Pay Over Time and/or Cash Advance or Plan balance, plus a portion of your Pay Over Time and/or Cash Advance balance, any interest accrued, and any Plan Payment Due. Interest on Your Pay Over Time Balance(s) For charges added automatically to a Pay Over Time balance at the time they post to your account, we charge interest from the transaction date. For charges that we automatically move from your Pay In Full balance to your Pay Over Time balance on your Closing Date, we charge interest from the day after they are added to your Pay Over Time balance. We will not charge interest on charges automatically added to your Pay Over Time balances if you pay your Account Total New Balance by the Payment Due Date each month. We will begin charging interest on cash advances on the transaction date. You must pay in full, by the Payment Due Date, any charge or a portion of a charge that is not added to a Pay Over Time, Cash Advance, or Plan balance. Premium Access Transportation and accommodation costs are additional unless otherwise stated. The price indicated covers event costs only. Tax and gratuity extra. All sales are final and non-refundable, and resale is prohibited. Payment must be made using an eligible American Express ® Card. Details and prices are subject to change. Packages are available on a first-come, first-served basis. Availability is limited. Must be 21 years of age or older to consume alcoholic beverages. Please drink responsibly. Participating merchants and available rewards are subject to change without notice. Seller of Travel American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. is acting solely as a sales agent for travel suppliers and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of such suppliers. Certain suppliers pay us commission and other incentives for reaching sales targets or other goals and may provide incentives to our Travel Consultants. For more information visit www.americanexpress.com/travelterms . California CST#1022318; Washington UBI#600-469-694 Send & Split ® Send & Split® is only available in the American Express® App ("Amex App") to Card Members with an eligible Card. Eligible Cards are US-issued Basic Consumer Cards that are issued by American Express National Bank and are not cancelled. Prepaid Cards, American Express Corporate Cards, American Express Small Business Cards, American Express-branded cards or account numbers issued by other financial institutions and American Express Cards issued outside of the United States are not eligible Cards. To use Send & Split, you must first have an email address on file, enroll in Send & Split® in your American Express Online Account ("Online Account") and open an Amex Send® stored balance account ("Send Account"). You must have or create an account with Venmo or PayPal and link your Online Account to your PayPal or Venmo account to use Send & Split. You must add money to your Send Account from your eligible Card(s) to use Send & Split to send a Venmo or PayPal recipient. The charge on your Card for an Add Money transaction does not earn rewards and is subject to the Card's purchase APR. There is no fee to send funds to US recipients. PayPal charges a fee to send funds to non-US recipients. For complete details visit americanexpress.com/sendandsplitterms to view Terms & Conditions. Send Account issued by American Express National Bank, Member FDIC. Shop Small ® Map Only qualifying American Express Card accepting small merchants will be featured on the map. Please note that business location and other information provided on the map may contain inaccuracies or errors, including as a result of information provided by third parties. The data on this map is constantly being updated, please continually check back for updates. Spending Limits When you request that we apply a limit as described below on Charges incurred by an Additional Card Member on your Account, you agree to these terms. These terms supplement, and are incorporated by reference into, the terms of your Card Member Agreement. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of Purchases, during each billing period, that are charged to Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. At your request, we may agree to apply a limit to the total dollar amount of cash access transactions at ATMs, during each billing period, that are made using Card numbers associated with one or more specified Additional Card Members on your Account. If we agree to apply a limit, it is not a guarantee that the Additional Card Member will be able to make Purchases or cash access transactions up to the applicable limit. In applying any limit we will not take into account any credits (such as for returned merchandise or for payments), even if a credit relates to a Purchase made by the Additional Card Member. Any request that we change a limit may not be effective until a subsequent billing period. Any Charges (as defined below) incurred by the Additional Card Member prior to the date during a billing period that we apply the limit will not be subject to the limit for that billing period. Because of systems or administrative considerations, arrangements with merchants, or for other business reasons, we may, but are not required to, treat some Purchases and/or cash access transactions (collectively, Charges) as not being subject to any such limits. You agree to pay all Charges without regard to whether any Charges exceed a limit, and you agree that we are not liable to you or any other person when a limit is not applied to any Charges and/or when Charges are incurred and billed that exceed a limit. While we typically require merchants to obtain an authorization for purchases and submit final transaction documentation for payment in a timely manner, a limit may not apply or may be exceeded when a merchant does not obtain an authorization for any reason; when a merchant obtains an authorization for a partial amount of the final charge submitted to us for payment; or when such submissions are not submitted or processed at the same time that the authorization is obtained. Examples may include, but are not limited to: Charges made outside of the U.S., in duty-free stores, or on board airplanes or cruise vessels; international airline ticket Purchases; vehicle rentals; lodging stays extended beyond original reservation period; certain mail order Purchases; Purchases billed on a recurring basis; Purchases at gas stations; telecommunications charges, including charges incurred with calling cards; taxicab charges; security deposits; late, damage or other fees in connection with rentals; Purchases billed in installments; restaurant tips and other gratuities; and Charges that occur before the end of billing period, if the Charge is posted to your Account after the Closing Date of that billing period. Any limit will not be applied to Charges for foreign currency or for travelers cheques or gift cheques obtained other than by telephone from us. The Spending Limit for the Additional Card Member(s) is optional. If no Spending Limit is set on the Additional Card, spending capacity on this Card will be subject to the Basic Card Member's account terms and conditions. The Gold Card Membership Rewards Basic Card Members will earn one point for each dollar charged for an eligible purchase in each billing period on The American Express Gold Card or an Additional Card on their Account. Basic Card Members will earn: 3 additional points (for a total of 4 points) on the first $50,000 of eligible purchases per calendar year at restaurants worldwide; 3 additional points (for a total of 4 points) on the first $25,000 of eligible purchases per calendar year at supermarkets located in the U.S. (superstores, convenience stores, warehouse clubs, and meal-kit delivery services are not considered supermarkets); 2 additional points (for a total of 3 points) for each dollar of eligible purchases charged on airfare on a scheduled flight charged directly with passenger airlines (charter flights and private jet flights are excluded) and airfare charged directly through amextravel.com ; and 1 additional point (for a total of 2 points) for each dollar of eligible purchases charged through amextravel.com for prepaid hotels, prepaid car rentals, or cruise reservations (non-prepaid car rentals, non-prepaid hotels, ticketing services or other fees are excluded). Bonuses you may receive with your Card on other purchase categories or in connection with promotions or offers from American Express may not be combined with this benefit. Basic Card Members may not earn additional points for purchases at a restaurant located within another establishment (e.g., a restaurant inside a hotel, casino, or event venue), events held within a restaurant, purchases at events or of event tickets, purchases made through third-party food delivery services outside of the U.S., or purchases at bars, nightclubs, cafeterias, caterers, theatre clubs, breweries, bakeries, and meeting venues. Please allow 8-12 weeks after the qualifying purchase is charged to your Card Account for points to be posted to the account. Eligible purchases are purchases for goods and services minus returns and other credits. Eligible purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, cash advances, person to person payments, purchases of gift cards, purchases of travelers checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid cards, or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. Merchants are assigned codes based on what they primarily sell. We group certain merchant codes into categories that are eligible for additional points. A purchase with a merchant will not earn additional points if the merchant's code is not included in an additional points category. Basic Card Members may not receive additional points if we receive inaccurate information or are otherwise unable to identify your purchase as eligible for an additional points category. For example, Basic Card Members may not receive additional points when: a merchant uses a third-party to sell their products or services; or a merchant uses a third-party to process or submit your transaction to us (e.g., using mobile or wireless card readers); or you choose to make a purchase using a third-party payment account or make a purchase using a mobile or digital wallet. Please visit americanexpress.com/rewards-info for more information about rewards. The Hotel Collection Program The Hotel Collection (THC) benefits are available for new bookings of two consecutive nights or more made through American Express Travel with participating properties and are valid only for eligible U.S. Consumer and Business Gold Card, Platinum Card® Members, and Centurion® Members. Additional Card Members on Consumer and Business Platinum Card Accounts, and Additional Card Members on Consumer and Business Centurion Accounts are also eligible for THC program benefits. Delta SkyMiles® Gold and Platinum Card Members are not eligible. Bookings must be made using an eligible Card and must be paid using that Card, or another American Express® Card, in the eligible Card Member's name, and that Card Member must be traveling on the itinerary booked. Noon check-in, late check-out and the room upgrade are subject to availability; certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade. The type of $100 credit and additional amenity (if applicable) varies by property; the $100 credit will be applied to eligible charges up to $100. To receive the $100 credit, the eligible spend must be charged to your hotel room. The $100 credit will be applied at check-out. Advance reservations are recommended for certain credits. Benefit restrictions vary by property. Benefits are applied per room, per stay (with a three-room limit per stay). Back-to-back stays booked by a single Card Member, Card Members staying in the same room or Card Members traveling in the same party within a 24-hour period at the same property are considered one stay and are ineligible for additional THC benefits ("Prohibited Action"). American Express and the Property reserve the right to modify or revoke the THC benefits at any time without notice if we or they determine, in our or their sole discretion, that you have engaged in a Prohibited Action, or have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with your THC benefits. Benefits cannot be redeemed for cash and are not combinable with other offers unless indicated. Benefits must be used during the stay booked. Any credits applicable are applied at check-out in USD or the local currency equivalent. Benefits, participating properties, and availability and amenities at those properties are subject to change. To be eligible for THC program benefits, your eligible Card Account must not be cancelled. For additional information, call the number on the back of your Card. Trip Delay Insurance Coverage is provided by New Hampshire Insurance Company, an AIG Company, at no-additional-cost to the Card Member. Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions and limitations, including limitations on the amount of coverage. This benefit provides secondary coverage. For more information about the coverage, please see the Guide to Benefits at americanexpress.com/TDTerms . Using Points for Charges You can use points to cover eligible charges on your Card Account only if you're the Basic Card or Basic Business Card Member. You also may be able to use points for this purpose if you're the Account Manager or Rewards Manager for a Card Account. Corporate Card Members are not eligible. The list of eligible charges can change from time to time without notice. We do not have to make any charges eligible for you to cover with points. Generally, an eligible charge is one that: • Occurs in the U.S. or in a U.S. territory • Appears in your recent activity online or in your current statement • Has never been disputed • Is at least $1 You may use points only toward the entire amount of an eligible charge. We'll deduct the points from your Rewards Account right away and we'll credit your Card Account within 48 hours. If we process the credit after your Card Account's closing date, it will not appear until your next statement. In this case, you must still pay the amount due on your current Card statement by the due date. If you are enrolled in AutoPay, redeeming points for a statement credit will not reduce or adjust your prescheduled AutoPay amount. Offer Terms If a limited time offer appears, it is valid for solicited U.S. Membership Rewards® program enrollees only. Offer is not transferable and may not be combined with other offers. American Express in its sole discretion reserves the right to alter and or terminate this offer at any time. If you return to redeem points later, this offer may no longer be available. To be eligible to receive this offer, all Card accounts linked to an enrollee's Membership Rewards program account must not be canceled, past due or have a returned payment outstanding at the time of point redemption. Individual terms, conditions and restrictions apply to the respective Membership Rewards offers. Year-End Summary The Online Year-End Summary, typically available in January, reflects charges posted to your account from January 1st through December 31st of the prior year. AMEX ASSURANCE COMPANY DISCLOSURES For important information on policy terms, go to americanexpress.com/benefitsguide Baggage Insurance Plan Baggage Insurance Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/BIPterms . If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497. Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/CRLDIterms . If You have any questions about a specific vehicle, please call Us at 1-800-338-1670, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497. Extended Warranty Extended Warranty is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/EWterms . If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497. Purchase Protection Purchase Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company. Subject to additional terms, conditions and exclusions. For full Terms and Conditions, see americanexpress.com/PPterms . If You have any questions about a specific item, please call Us at 1-800-228-6855, if international, collect at 1-303-273-6497.

================================================================================

SECTION 2: REDDIT DISCUSSIONS
================================================================================

Reddit Discussions about americanexpress:
==================================================

1. r/CreditCards on Reddit: New Rakuten American Express Card
   URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/CreditCards/comments/1m6d3z1/new_rakuten_american_express_card/
   Description: Posted by u/AmySchumerJokes - 277 votes and 191 comments...

2. American Express Community
   URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/amex/
   Description: Step into a world of privilege and prestige with <strong>American</strong> <strong>Express</strong>. Enjoy exclusive rewards, preferential pricing, and exceptional customer service, all designed to en...

3. r/UKPersonalFinance on Reddit: Amex email legit ? AmericanExpress@welcome.americanexpress.com
   URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/UKPersonalFinance/comments/va3ter/amex_email_legit/
   Description: I’ve applied for an Amex gold card. I used a link from a third party which took me to the official <strong>American</strong> <strong>Express</strong> website. I applied for a card and…...

4. r/AmexPlatinum on Reddit: American Express Announces Major Updates Coming to U.S. Consumer and Business Platinum Cards® Later This Year
   URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmexPlatinum/comments/1lcu6ru/american_express_announces_major_updates_coming/
   Description: 308 votes, 355 comments. 143K subscribers in the AmexPlatinum community. We discuss Amex offers, Membership Rewards, benefits, offers, maximizing card usage and everything related to &quot;ALL&quot; <...

5. r/CreditCards on Reddit: What Does American Express Means
   URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/CreditCards/comments/1biayv9/what_does_american_express_means/
   Description: I just don’t get why the name <strong>American</strong> is listed on All the card, is the card best for Using in USA . I’ve never seen other banks list there card as…...

6. r/AskAnAustralian on Reddit: To those Aussies with an American Express card... why?
   URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskAnAustralian/comments/1gjmvo8/to_those_aussies_with_an_american_express_card_why/
   Description: I see and hear lots of ads for <strong>American</strong> <strong>Express</strong> cards and the perks they provide. I also see lots more signs in shops saying they don&#x27;t accept…...

7. r/CreditCards on Reddit: Does Amex work different than other credit cards?
   URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/CreditCards/comments/1dj8j3l/does_amex_work_different_than_other_credit_cards/
   Description: [Credit Cards] Help me understand why <strong>American</strong> <strong>Express</strong> is a &quot;better&quot; or &quot;more exclusive&quot; credit card....

8. r/AskAnAmerican on Reddit: Do must American have an American Express Credit Card?
   URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskAnAmerican/comments/1iumif2/do_must_american_have_an_american_express_credit/
   Description: Do most <strong>Americans</strong> have an <strong>American</strong> <strong>Express</strong> Credit Card?...

9. r/amex on Reddit: Is Amex Platinum worth it?
   URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/amex/comments/1e4o6zr/is_amex_platinum_worth_it/
   Description: 41 votes, 107 comments. I&#x27;ve been considering getting the <strong>American</strong> <strong>Express</strong> Platinum Card lately and wanted to hear from those who have it or have had…...

10. r/germany on Reddit: What’s your experience with Amex cards in Germany?
   URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/germany/comments/11mr4kz/whats_your_experience_with_amex_cards_in_germany/
   Description: It’s useless compare to Real <strong>American</strong> <strong>Express</strong> from America....


Total discussions found: 10


================================================================================

SUMMARY
================================================================================

Analysis Type: URL Scraping
Scraping Status: success
Reddit Search Status: success
Generated: 2025-08-23 16:35:32
